how-to-docs: require_volume_annotation information (#1539)
kinvolk/lokomotive: docs/how-to-guides/backup-rook-ceph-volumes.md

### Step 3: Annotate pods

> > **NOTE**: If you want to remove the hassle of annotating the pods then set the parameter `require_volume_annotation` to `false` or remove it from the configuration.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE**: To backup all pod volumes without having to individually annotate every pod, set the parameter `require_volume_annotation` to `false` or remove it from the default configuration.
```
